"It was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said. "This is going to sound
 funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream I had just a couple of days ago. I'd love to get 
together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trapped 
he's been planning for years.

She was in a hurry. Not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry.
The type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. She raced down the road ignoring speed
 limits and weaving between cars. She was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead 
standstill on the road ahead.
All he could think about was how it would all end. There was still a bit of uncertainty in the
 equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. No matter how much he tried to see the
 positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. The end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.

He was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate. He knew how to hold
 the cone just right so that the soft server ice-cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a
 perfect cone each and every time. It had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without 
even putting any thought behind it. Nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement.
She tried not to judge him. His ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless.
 Was he really the next Einstein as she had been told? On the off chance it was true, she continued
 to try not to judge him.

Was it enough? That was the question he kept asking himself. Was being satisfied enough? He looked
 around him at everyone yearning to just be satisfied in their daily life and he had reached that 
goal. He knew that he was satisfied and he also knew it wasn't going to be enough.
She looked at her little girl who was about to become a teen. She tried to think back to when the
 girl had been younger but failed to pinpoint the exact moment when she had become a little too big 
to pick up and carry. It hit her all at once. She was no longer a little girl and she stood there 
speechless with fear, sadness, and pride all running through her at the same time.

At that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "I could just cheat," he
 thought, "and that would solve the problem." He tried to move on from the thought but it was
 persistent. It didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.

He had done everything right. There had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. It
 had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still
 stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.

It was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with
 the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. You want to look, but you don't at
 the same time. You're frozen with fear and unable to act. That's where she found herself and she 
didn't know what to do next.
